You can imagine if you found out,
how ironic would it be if you found out that like Stanford and Harvard had
banded together to try to stop this from coming out because it would kill their
business.
Yeah.
All got together and it was like,
you know,
just like how this college admission scandals going down.
It's so great.
If there was a scandal that all these higher universities had banded together to
try to stop this cause he was going to kill their business.
Everybody can know everything.
We tell them more than everything we tell them I'm going on some college tours
already.
Jesus Christ.
Oh my God,
I really makes you think.
I'm like,
what dad did they really need this?
This is expensive.
Oh yeah,
man,
do they really need a degree and all of this?
I don't know.
It's a weird businessman.
It's a total weird business.
Don't know why it costs so much.
I'll tell you why.
Why?
Because the administrators are all making bank.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
It's all your [inaudible].
What's going on?
So all these kids,
generations are in debt because they have to take these student loans because
college is more expensive than ever before.
Well it's,
it hasn't changed running the university,
leading the teachers,
it's the administration of these giant,
um,
universities are making so much money.
They're making millions and they keep cranking it out and they keep,
keep needing to up the up the rate and then they make money accessible for the
students through loans and then they keep feeding themselves.
It's horrible.
It's a horrible corrupt system.
And it's um,
it's also subsidized,
right?
Well the government will subsidize somebody.
Yeah.
How much does the government subsidize private education?
Private education,
I don't think can it?
Yeah.
You get fast full on though.
It's so expensive.
I mean,
you know,
isn't that weird too?
There's like state schools,
private schools.
Yes.
They're all costs money.
Everything costs money.
Yeah.
Like what does it like?
Well like six hours to get to like USC.
How much is it like a semester at USC?
70,000?
No,
not a master.
A year.
Cause it's 70,000.
Probably 70.
50.
For the year.
Yeah.
That's like the,
that's the,
that's the online Google search thing.
That's 50 plus your room and board plus all the rest of if your kid fucks off.
Yes.
Which of course they're going to do.
And by the way,
to have 50 grand,
you need to make like 80 right or taxes out yet.
How to make 80 grand.
Yeah.
For a whole year of your kid being in school.
And if your kid's just doing bong hits.
Totally
pawn and shit.
My father dropped me off to school at school and I was like a sophomore.
It just drove me into,
into college and drop off my stuff and I was so psyched to go see my friends and
I was like,
just come,
you know,
just work hard.
Be Responsible.
Okay Dad.
Okay.
I go running into my dorm room.
My buddies are there.
I haven't seen them all break Tom,
they hand me a bong.
Hey,
I light up.
As soon as I walk up my bags and I haven't even trapped,
I light it with my lighter in this huge flame comes out almost like lights my
kicks on fire.
I'm like,
blah,
blah.
Hey Papa,
your dad's outside.
He's in the van.
I had forgot something.
I forgot a lamp in the van.
He's like,
I go running out there.
I'm like,
Hey,
what's up?
You know,
hoping I don't smell.
He goes,
hey,
you forgot your,
what happened to your eyebrow?
Your eyebrows burnt off.
What did you do in the two minutes?
I just took the lamb.
Thanks Dad.
See
checks.
He's writing checks for me to go do.
Yeah,
it's brutal.
Jesus.
Actually more than I was just tuition.
I saw,
let's see,
75 $75,000 USC one year room and boards 15 three that's got to be low because
that's just about it.
Over a thousand a month.
That's gotta be a man and that's without like if your kid,
if you live on these coasts and you're flying your kid back and forth and all
the rest of it.
Look at personal expense.
Personal and miscellaneous 1400 bucks for the year.
For the hundred bucks a month.
Get Out.
Yeah,
it's crazy at it.
Forget it always a week.
Books are going to be way more than a hundred bucks a month to the books are
going to be 1200 a semester.
Probably.
You should go to state school.
You pay a quarter of that.
Stay in,
get your undergrad.
Things like you could have a no nonsense education like me where he just read
things that you're interested in and then you never get like a real base
education.
Like I don't have a degree in anything.
You didn't go to college?
I went to college but I fucked off.
I barely paid attention.
Yeah.
What do you mass Boston,
so yeah,
that's when my sister went.
I didn't even take my sats.
Oh really?
No.
There was like a,
they had like a continuing education program.
You can just sign up and start taking classes there.
Oh,
nice.
Did you go the whole way?
No,
I went for three years.
I was barely paying attention.
Three years.
Yeah,
I did.
I guess I realized I was doing it a little bit while I was still doing stand up
while I started doing stand up.
Uh,
it was literally only so that people didn't think I was a loser.
Right.
I just wanted to let people know I'm doing something I didn't pay attention at
all.
Right.
I will.
All I was thinking about was a martial arts competition and then it was stand
up,
right?
Well,
yeah,
the transition right there.
Yeah.
Once that happens,
forget it.
Once I realized that people made money doing stand up,
that's when I quit.
It depends on what you want to go do.
Like there's certain you want to go into law or you want to do certain,
you know,
medicine.
There's certain routes where you need a degree where you really need a degree
and there's definitely something good to going to school and being around other
people from around the country and all kinds of thinking for sure.
It's all positive,
but you should not go into debt.
I have all these nephews that they got out of school,
$30,000 in debt.
Right.
This is the start of your life as an adult.
The worst 30,000 in debt.
They can't keep up with the payments.
So then the interest kicks in and after four years,
now they owe 50,000 and they're constantly chasing it and now they asked their
parents to help them out and they co sign.
Now you have two generations and they probably hate taxes.
Right.
And,
and they're now on their second job where no one cares anymore.
Where you went to school.
They never even asked the question.
They don't know.
Not,
not,
no,
no.
In certain places.
Yeah,
in certain rounds.
Really depends on what you're trying to do,
right?
You've got to be a doctor.
I think they care.
Yes.
I think take care.
Oh yeah.
Well maybe it depends on what kind of doctor.
There's a lot of,
she's applying for jobs as a history professor,
go into television production,
whatever.
No one gives a shit.
That's true.
If you're going to do Hollywood type jobs.
Yeah.
Nobody gives a fuck.
Now go working in construction.
You could do what when again,
my whole thing is,
and I keep trying to say this to my daughter,
is that you should never don't jeopardize your future for this degree.
You can get degrees,
there'll be important,
they'll help you,
but you should not strap yourself with debt.
That's wise advice.
Yeah,
very wise advice.
And she's like,
how about you work harder and just pay for it and I won't have to be in debt
does.
That's a good thing for her to say.
Yeah.
It's clever.
Very smart.
[inaudible] and my other daughter,
I'm just going to give her headshots $300 head shots right in the business.
The business done that old show business.
Hey,
everybody is crazy.
But I thought showbiz people crazy.
Everyone's crazy.
Every of your crazy.
I'm crazy.
Yeah.
The people who you think insurance salesmen,
people are fucking crazy.
They're just better at hiding it all day.
Yeah.
That's what they're doing.
They,
that's what they do.
They hide it.
They hide it all fucking day.
If you were really smart,
he just go into plumbing lists.
There's not a lot of plumbers out there need plumbing.
Yeah.
And you make a really good living at it and there's not a lot of people that are
learning these skills anymore.
That's what you should go do or do something you really want to do.
Find something you really want to do.
Yeah.
Maybe you don't want them to be a plumber should be a requirement that they know
what they want to do before they go into college.
No.
But the see what college should be is education would,
it really seems to be more as like prepping you for the job for us,
you know,
I mean there's education as well,
but it's prepping you for the job force and nowadays at least in a certain
segment of the population,
you're,
you're getting these colleges that are also like socially indoctrinating kids,
socialist ideas and a lot of ideas that you know,
just are contrary to what probably their parents taught them.
So then there's this internal dispute and who's right and who's wrong and do I
rebel against my parents and yeah.
Go full social justice warrior.
Yeah.
Join the young Republicans on campus and you know,
the kids are just trying to find who they are.
Yeah.
There's definitely,
when you walk onto these campuses,
even just to tour them,
which I never did when I was,
I just picked one out and went.
But you go in if the personality of each university is so dominant,
as soon as you walk onto the campus and went to some small,
uh,
really left liberal arts schools and you just feel like the posters and
everything,
you're just like as a,
as a white male,
you're not welcoming at all.
And then you go to some other places and it's just kind of free flowing and
everybody's just into this.
They're just all about the football team.
Have you ever seen the poster?
It says,
I was a white male.
You're not welcome here.
Yeah.
Where in my daughter's room.
[inaudible]
that's hilarious.
No,
but you know,
you get like just like very,
very progressive and very,
you know,
every,
everything is uh,
an issue and you know,
that's where you develop those idea eight boy I'm saying is you can really learn
from going on these campuses like,
oh,
this is,
well,
there's a vibe you get in doc indoctrinated into whatever vibe the campus holds.
You get social points for like following those ideas as far as,
as hardcore as you can.
Yeah,
it's right.
It's really interesting.
Yeah.
If you take yourself out of whichever way you lean,
if you lean left,
you can say,
well,
it's because they're young and they're passionate and they're right.
Raylene,
right?
Like,
oh,
they're babies and they're being taught by people who never made it in the real
world.
They only just an academia and there.
Yeah.
Just look at,
instead of looking at like that,
look at it where you don't have a fucking dog in the fight and just step back
and go,
this is fascinating.
It's like people are just trying to change and influence people's thinking and
behavior and some of it is to justify their,
their own thinking and behavior.
Some of it is because peep,
some people just like controlling people,
like getting people to listen to them and some of it is because they genuinely
think that this is for the best for the human race and it's all these things are
competing together.
Yeah.
That's why you have some people that are activists and you meet them.
They're not annoying at all.
You're like,
God damn you are really cool because they're doing it with the right heart,
right?
Yeah.
Of activists that are so what knowing,
why are they so annoyed?
Because they're not doing it for the right reasons.
They're now doing it to try to change people because they want to poke you.
They want to,
they want to have a reason to be upset at you because you're not listening to
them.
You're not following their ideas,
write them and their,
those are the key words.
It's about them and their status and their power over you and yeah.
No.
I know there's a couple people,
you know,
there's a couple of people I know that have gone that way so hard that you can't
even have conversations with them on both sides.
It doesn't help.
It doesn't.
All it does is create more,
more conflict like that can now combative attitude creates more conflict.